# Window-Based Latent Representations for Multivariate Time Series Fault Classification

Abstract: The rapidly growing usage of machine sensors in industries has generated large volumes of mul- tivariate time series data. Effective analysis of this data can lead to advancements in process optimization, fault detection, and predictive maintenance. Given the high dimensionality and potential noise in this data, we find it essential to use the latent representation approach to re- duce dimensionality, extract features, and improve classification performance. This approach is particularly significant because the choice of window size directly influences the quality of these representations and the precision of fault detection. With this understanding, our research em- phasizes the role of windowing in latent representations and the performance of state-of-the-art (SOTA) and pre-trained classification models. This emphasis bridges the gap in the literature, as there are no studies specifically addressing the impact of windowing on the representation qualities of multivariate time series data. To capture the separability and cohesion features of represent- ations, we introduce two novel centroid-based latent representation quality metrics. Using these metrics, we explore the window-based representation qualities generated by SOTA and pre-trained models. To provide visual validation of these quantitative metrics, we employ a dimensionality reduction technique to plot latent representations. Our research also includes an evaluation of the classification performances of SOTA and pre-trained classification models across three public datasets. From this evaluation, we highlight the robustness of the OmniAnomaly model and the potential usage of pre-trained Wav2Vec 2.0 and ResNet50 models for fault classification. Finally, our study reveals a notable trade-off relationship between representation quality and classification performance for distinct window sizes.
