python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 4 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 4 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 4 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 40 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 40 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 40 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 100 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 100 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 100 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 400 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 400 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 400 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn MSL --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset MSL --win 600 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn SMAP --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMAP --win 600 --testOn SMD --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn SMAP --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn SMD --retrain
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn MSL --test
python main.py --model MAD_GAN --dataset SMD --win 600 --testOn SMAP --test